---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qovery_application Data Source - terraform-provider-qovery"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing application.
---

# qovery_application (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing application.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "qovery_application" "my_application" {
  id = "<application_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Id of the application.

### Optional

- `advanced_settings` (Attributes) Advanced settings of the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_settings))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage.
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments of this container.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this application.
- `build_mode` (String) Build Mode of the application.
- `buildpack_language` (String) Buildpack Language framework.
- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of built-in environment variables linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `cpu` (Number) CPU of the application in millicores (m) [1000m = 1 CPU].
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) List of custom domains linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `dockerfile_path` (String) Dockerfile Path of the application.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the application.
- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `external_host` (String) The application external FQDN host [NOTE: only if your application is using a publicly accessible port].
- `git_repository` (Attributes) Git repository of the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_repository))
- `internal_host` (String) The application internal host.
- `max_running_instances` (Number) Maximum number of instances running for the application.
- `memory` (Number) RAM of the application in MB [1024MB = 1GB].
- `min_running_instances` (Number) Minimum number of instances running for the application.
- `name` (String) Name of the application.
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of storages linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `storage` (Attributes List) List of storages linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_settings`

Required:

- `build.timeout_max_sec` (Number) Interval in seconds after which the application build times out
- `deployment.custom_domain_check_enabled` (Boolean) Allows you to specify the IAM group name associated to the Qovery user
- `deployment.delay_start_time_sec` (Number) Deprecated
- `deployment.termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Time in seconds the application is supposed to stop at maximum
- `hpa.cpu.average_utilization_percent` (Number) CPU usage autoscaling trigger value
- `liveness_probe.failure_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive failures are needed to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `liveness_probe.http_get.path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP/HTTPS server to perform the health check
- `liveness_probe.initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between the container start and the first check
- `liveness_probe.period_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between each check
- `liveness_probe.success_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive successes are needed to be considered successful after having failed
- `liveness_probe.timeout_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds after the probe times out
- `liveness_probe.type` (String) Specify the type of probe: TCP, HTTP or NONE
- `network.ingress.basic_auth_env_var` (String) Set the name of an environment variable to use as a basic authentication (login:crypted_password) from htpasswd command
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_headers` (String) Specify which set of headers can be present in the client request
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_methods` (String) Specify which set of methods can be used for the client request
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_origin` (String) Specify which origin(s) can access a resource
- `network.ingress.denylist_source_range` (String) Specify which IP ranges are not allowed to access your application (comma-separated list of CIDRs)
- `network.ingress.enable_cors` (Boolean) Enable Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
- `network.ingress.enable_sticky_session` (Boolean) Enable Sticky session
- `network.ingress.keepalive_time_seconds` (Number) Limits the maximum time in seconds during which requests can be processed through one keepalive connection
- `network.ingress.keepalive_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds during which an idle keepalive connection to an upstream server will stay open
- `network.ingress.proxy_body_size_mb` (Number) Set in megabytes a maximum size for resources that can be downloaded from your server
- `network.ingress.proxy_buffer_size_kb` (Number) Set in kilobytes a header buffer size used while reading the response header from upstream
- `network.ingress.proxy_connect_timeout_seconds` (Number) Defines a timeout in seconds for establishing a connection with a proxied server
- `network.ingress.proxy_read_timeout_seconds` (Number) Defines a timeout in seconds for reading a response from the proxied server
- `network.ingress.proxy_send_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds for transmitting a request to the proxied server
- `network.ingress.send_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds for transmitting a response to the client
- `network.ingress.whitelist_source_range` (String) Specify which IP ranges are allowed to access your application (comma-separated list of CIDRs)
- `readiness_probe.failure_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive failures are needed to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `readiness_probe.http_get.path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP/HTTPS server to perform the health check
- `readiness_probe.initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between the container start and the first check
- `readiness_probe.period_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between each check
- `readiness_probe.success_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive successes are needed to be considered successful after having failed
- `readiness_probe.timeout_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds after the probe times out
- `readiness_probe.type` (String) Specify the type of probe: TCP, HTTP or NONE
- `security.service_account_name` (String) Set an existing Kubernetes service account name


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret [NOTE: will always be empty].


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Your custom domain.
- `id` (String) Id of the custom domain.
- `status` (String) Status of the custom domain.
- `validation_domain` (String) URL provided by Qovery. You must create a CNAME on your DNS provider using that URL.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_repository`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String) Branch of the git repository.
- `root_path` (String) Root path of the application.
- `url` (String) URL of the git repository.


<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Read-Only:

- `external_port` (Number) External port of the application.
- `id` (String) Id of the port.
- `internal_port` (Number) Internal port of the application.
- `name` (String) Name of the port.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for the port of the application.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Specify if the port is exposed to the world or not for this application.


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the storage.
- `mount_point` (String) Mount point of the storage for the application.
- `size` (Number) Size of the storage for the application in GB [1024MB = 1GB].
- `type` (String) Type of the storage for the application.


