# qovery_container (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing Qovery container.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "qovery_container" "my_container" {
  id = "<container_id>"
}

# Access container attributes
# data.qovery_container.my_container.name
# data.qovery_container.my_container.internal_host
# data.qovery_container.my_container.external_host
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Id of the container.

### Optional

- `advanced_settings_json` (String) Advanced settings.
- `annotations_group_ids` (Set of String) List of annotations group ids.
- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments of this container.
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Specify if the container will be automatically updated after receiving a new image tag.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this container.
- `cpu` (Number) CPU of the container in millicores (m) [1000m = 1 CPU].
	- Must be: `>= 10`.
	- Default: `500`.
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) List of custom domains linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the container.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable aliases linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable overrides linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `healthchecks` (Attributes) Configuration for the healthchecks that are going to be executed against your service. At least one of `readiness_probe` or `liveness_probe` should be configured for production workloads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks))
- `icon_uri` (String) Icon URI representing the container.
- `is_skipped` (Boolean) If true, the service is excluded from environment-level bulk deployments while remaining assigned to its deployment stage.
- `labels_group_ids` (Set of String) List of labels group ids.
- `max_running_instances` (Number) Maximum number of instances running for the container.
	- Must be: `>= -1`.
	- Default: `1`.
- `memory` (Number) RAM of the container in MB [1024MB = 1GB].
	- Must be: `>= 10`.
	- Default: `512`.
- `min_running_instances` (Number) Minimum number of instances running for the container.
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
	- Default: `1`.
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of ports linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of secret aliases linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of secret overrides linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `storage` (Attributes Set) List of storages linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `external_host` (String) The container external FQDN host. Only available if your container is using a publicly accessible port.
- `image_name` (String) Name of the container image.
- `internal_host` (String) The container internal host.
- `name` (String) Name of the container.
- `registry_id` (String) Id of the registry.
- `tag` (String) Tag of the container image.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Optional:

- `generate_certificate` (Boolean) Qovery will generate and manage the certificate for this domain.
- `use_cdn` (Boolean) Indicates if the custom domain is behind a CDN (i.e Cloudflare).
This will condition the way we are checking CNAME before & during a deployment:
 * If `true` then we only check the domain points to an IP
 * If `false` then we check that the domain resolves to the correct service Load Balancer

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Your custom domain.
- `id` (String) Id of the custom domain.
- `status` (String) Status of the custom domain.
- `validation_domain` (String) URL provided by Qovery. You must create a CNAME on your DNS provider using that URL.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable override.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable override.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable override.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable override.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks`

Optional:

- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Configuration for the liveness probe, used to determine when your service is working correctly. If the liveness probe fails, the service container is killed and restarted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Configuration for the readiness probe, used to determine when your service is ready to receive traffic. If the readiness probe fails, the service is temporarily removed from the load balancer until it passes again. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failures required to declare the probe as failed.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait after the container starts before the first probe is executed. Use this to give your application time to initialize.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe after the initial delay.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after a failure.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. If the probe does not respond within this time, it is considered failed.
- `type` (Attributes) Kind of check to run for this probe. Exactly one of `tcp`, `http`, `grpc`, or `exec` must be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec probe: runs a command inside the container. The probe succeeds if the command exits with status code 0. The command binary must be present in the container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--exec))
- `grpc` (Attributes) gRPC probe: checks that the given port responds to gRPC health check requests. The service must implement the [gRPC Health Checking Protocol](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/10/01/health-checking-grpc-servers-on-kubernetes/#introducing-grpc-health-probe). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--grpc))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP probe: sends an HTTP GET request and expects a 2xx response code. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP probe: checks that a TCP connection can be established on the given port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.exec`

Required:

- `command` (List of String) The command and its arguments to execute (e.g. `["cat", "/tmp/healthy"]`).


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `service` (String) The gRPC service name to health-check. If not specified, the overall server health is checked.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.http`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for the HTTP request. Must be `HTTP` or `HTTPS`.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path for the HTTP GET request (e.g. `/health`, `/ready`). Defaults to `/`.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional host to connect to. Defaults to the pod IP if not specified.




<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failures required to declare the probe as failed.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait after the container starts before the first probe is executed. Use this to give your application time to initialize.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe after the initial delay.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after a failure.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. If the probe does not respond within this time, it is considered failed.
- `type` (Attributes) Kind of check to run for this probe. Exactly one of `tcp`, `http`, `grpc`, or `exec` must be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec probe: runs a command inside the container. The probe succeeds if the command exits with status code 0. The command binary must be present in the container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--exec))
- `grpc` (Attributes) gRPC probe: checks that the given port responds to gRPC health check requests. The service must implement the [gRPC Health Checking Protocol](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/10/01/health-checking-grpc-servers-on-kubernetes/#introducing-grpc-health-probe). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--grpc))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP probe: sends an HTTP GET request and expects a 2xx response code. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP probe: checks that a TCP connection can be established on the given port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.exec`

Required:

- `command` (List of String) The command and its arguments to execute (e.g. `["cat", "/tmp/healthy"]`).


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `service` (String) The gRPC service name to health-check. If not specified, the overall server health is checked.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.http`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for the HTTP request. Must be `HTTP` or `HTTPS`.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path for the HTTP GET request (e.g. `/health`, `/ready`). Defaults to `/`.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional host to connect to. Defaults to the pod IP if not specified.





<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Optional:

- `external_port` (Number) External port of the container.
	- Required if: `ports.publicly_accessible=true`.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `name` (String) Name of the port.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for the port of the container.
	- Can be: `GRPC`, `HTTP`, `TCP`, `UDP`.
	- Default: `HTTP`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the port.
- `internal_port` (Number) Internal port of the container.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `is_default` (Boolean) If this port will be used for the root domain.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Specify if the port is exposed to the world or not for this container.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret override.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret override.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret override.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret override.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the storage.
- `mount_point` (String) Mount point of the storage for the container.
- `size` (Number) Size of the storage for the container in GB [1024MB = 1GB].
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
- `type` (String) Type of the storage for the container.
	- Can be: `FAST_SSD`.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.
