# qovery_environment (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing Qovery environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve an existing environment by its ID
data "qovery_environment" "my_environment" {
  id = "<environment_id>"
}

# Use environment attributes in other resources
resource "qovery_deployment" "example" {
  environment_id = data.qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  desired_state  = "RUNNING"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the environment (UUID format).

### Optional

- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable aliases linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable overrides linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variables linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `mode` (String) Mode of the environment.
	- Can be: `DEVELOPMENT`, `PREVIEW`, `PRODUCTION`, `STAGING`.
	- Default: `DEVELOPMENT`.
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of secret aliases linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) Set of secret overrides linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) Set of secrets linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the cluster where this environment is deployed.
- `environment_variable_files` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable files linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_files))
- `name` (String) Name of the environment.
- `project_id` (String) Identifier of the project containing this environment.
- `secret_files` (Attributes Set) List of secret files linked to this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))

<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable being aliased.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable override.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable override.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable override.
- `value` (String) Override value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret being aliased.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret override.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret override.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret being overridden.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Override value of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_files`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable file.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable file.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the environment variable file.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable file.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret file.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret file.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the secret file.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret file.
