# qovery_helm (Data Source)

Provides a Qovery helm resource.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "qovery_helm" "my_helm" {
  id = "<helm_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Id of the helm.

### Optional

- `advanced_settings_json` (String) Advanced settings.
- `arguments` (Set of String) Helm arguments
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Specify the service will be automatically updated on every new commit on the branch.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this helm.
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) List of custom domains linked to this container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `deployment_restrictions` (Attributes Set) List of deployment restrictions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_restrictions))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable aliases linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable overrides linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `icon_uri` (String) Icon URI representing the helm service.
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of secret aliases linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of secret overrides linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `timeout_sec` (Number) Helm timeout in seconds

### Read-Only

- `allow_cluster_wide_resources` (Boolean) Allow this chart to deploy resources outside of this environment namespace (including CRDs or non-namespaced resources)
- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of built-in environment variables linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `external_host` (String) The helm external FQDN host [NOTE: only if your helm is using a publicly accessible port].
- `internal_host` (String) The helm internal host.
- `name` (String) Name of the helm.
- `ports` (Attributes Map) List of ports linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `source` (Attributes) Helm chart from a Helm repository or from a git repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `values_override` (Attributes) Define your own overrides to customize the helm chart behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Optional:

- `generate_certificate` (Boolean) Qovery will generate and manage the certificate for this domain.
- `use_cdn` (Boolean) Indicates if the custom domain is behind a CDN (i.e Cloudflare).
This will condition the way we are checking CNAME before & during a deployment:
 * If `true` then we only check the domain points to an IP
 * If `false` then we check that the domain resolves to the correct service Load Balancer

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Your custom domain.
- `id` (String) Id of the custom domain.
- `status` (String) Status of the custom domain.
- `validation_domain` (String) URL provided by Qovery. You must create a CNAME on your DNS provider using that URL.


<a id="nestedatt--deployment_restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the deployment restriction
- `mode` (String) Can be EXCLUDE or MATCH
- `type` (String) Currently, only PATH is accepted
- `value` (String) Value of the deployment restriction


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable override.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable override.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable override.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret override.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret override.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret override.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Required:

- `external_port` (Number) External port of the container.
	- Required if: `ports.publicly_accessible=true`.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `internal_port` (Number) Internal port of the container.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `is_default` (Boolean) If this port will be used for the root domain
- `service_name` (String)

Optional:

- `namespace` (String)
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for the port of the container.
	- Can be: `GRPC`, `HTTP`.
	- Default: `HTTP`.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `git_repository` (Attributes) Git repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--git_repository))
- `helm_repository` (Attributes) Helm repositories can be private or public (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--helm_repository))

<a id="nestedatt--source--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.git_repository`

Required:

- `url` (String) Helm's source git repository URL

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Helm's source git repository branch
- `git_token_id` (String) The git token ID to be used
- `root_path` (String) Helm's source git repository root path


<a id="nestedatt--source--helm_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.helm_repository`

Required:

- `chart_name` (String) Chart name
- `chart_version` (String) Chart version
- `helm_repository_id` (String) helm repository id



<a id="nestedatt--values_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override`

Optional:

- `file` (Attributes) Define overrides by selecting a YAML file from a git repository (preferred) or by passing raw YAML files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file))
- `set` (Map of String)
- `set_json` (Map of String)
- `set_string` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file`

Optional:

- `git_repository` (Attributes) YAML file from a git repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file--git_repository))
- `raw` (Attributes Map) Raw YAML files (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file--raw))

<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file.git_repository`

Required:

- `branch` (String) YAML file git repository branch
- `paths` (Set of String) YAML files git repository paths
- `url` (String) YAML file git repository URL

Optional:

- `git_token_id` (String) The git token ID to be used


<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file--raw"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file.raw`

Required:

- `content` (String) content of the file

