# qovery_project (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about an existing Qovery project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve an existing project by its ID
data "qovery_project" "my_project" {
  id = "<project_id>"
}

# Use project attributes in other resources
resource "qovery_environment" "example" {
  project_id = data.qovery_project.my_project.id
  name       = "production"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the project (UUID format).

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the project.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable aliases linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variables linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of secret aliases linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) Set of secrets linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `environment_variable_files` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable files linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_files))
- `name` (String) Name of the project.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier of the organization containing this project.
- `secret_files` (Attributes Set) List of secret files linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))

<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable being aliased.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret alias.
- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret being aliased.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_files`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable file.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable file.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the environment variable file.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable file.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret file.
- `id` (String) Id of the secret file.
- `key` (String) Key of the secret file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the secret file.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret file.
