---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qovery_application Resource - terraform-provider-qovery"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Qovery application resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery applications.
---

# qovery_application (Resource)

Provides a Qovery application resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery applications.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "qovery_application" "my_application" {
  # Required
  environment_id = qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  name           = "MyApplication"
  git_repository = {
    url       = "https://github.com/Qovery/terraform-provider-qovery.git"
    branch    = "main" # Optional
    root_path = "/"    # Optional
  }

  # Optional
  build_mode            = "DOCKER"
  dockerfile_path       = "Dockerfile"
  auto_preview          = "true"
  cpu                   = 500
  memory                = 512
  min_running_instances = 1
  max_running_instances = 1
  entrypoint            = "/bin/sh"
  arguments             = ["arg"]
  environment_variables = [
    {
      key   = "ENV_VAR_KEY"
      value = "ENV_VAR_VALUE"
    }
  ]
  secrets = [
    {
      key   = "SECRET_KEY"
      value = "SECRET_VALUE"
    }
  ]
  custom_domains = [
    {
      domain = "example.com"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [
    qovery_environment.my_environment
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `git_repository` (Attributes) Git repository of the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_repository))
- `name` (String) Name of the application.

### Optional

- `advanced_settings` (Attributes) Advanced settings of the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_settings))
- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments of this application.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this application.
	- Default: `false`.
- `build_mode` (String) Build Mode of the application.
	- Can be: `BUILDPACKS`, `DOCKER`.
	- Default: `BUILDPACKS`.
- `buildpack_language` (String) Buildpack Language framework.
	- Required if: `build_mode="BUILDPACKS"`.
	- Can be: `CLOJURE`, `GO`, `GRADLE`, `GRAILS`, `JAVA`, `JVM`, `NODE_JS`, `PHP`, `PLAY`, `PYTHON`, `SCALA`.
- `cpu` (Number) CPU of the application in millicores (m) [1000m = 1 CPU].
	- Must be: `>= 250`.
	- Default: `500`.
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) List of custom domains linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage.
- `dockerfile_path` (String) Dockerfile Path of the application.
	- Required if: `build_mode="DOCKER"`.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the application.
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `max_running_instances` (Number) Maximum number of instances running for the application.
	- Must be: `>= -1`.
	- Default: `1`.
- `memory` (Number) RAM of the application in MB [1024MB = 1GB].
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
	- Default: `512`.
- `min_running_instances` (Number) Minimum number of instances running for the application.
	- Must be: `>= 0`.
	- Default: `1`.
- `ports` (Attributes List) List of storages linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `storage` (Attributes List) List of storages linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of built-in environment variables linked to this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `external_host` (String) The application external FQDN host [NOTE: only if your application is using a publicly accessible port].
- `id` (String) Id of the application.
- `internal_host` (String) The application internal host.

<a id="nestedatt--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_repository`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of the git repository.

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch of the git repository.
	- Default: `main or master (depending on repository)`.
- `root_path` (String) Root path of the application.
	- Default: `/`.


<a id="nestedatt--advanced_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_settings`

Required:

- `build.timeout_max_sec` (Number) Interval in seconds after which the application build times out
- `deployment.custom_domain_check_enabled` (Boolean) Allows you to specify the IAM group name associated to the Qovery user
- `deployment.delay_start_time_sec` (Number) Deprecated
- `deployment.termination_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Time in seconds the application is supposed to stop at maximum
- `hpa.cpu.average_utilization_percent` (Number) CPU usage autoscaling trigger value
- `liveness_probe.failure_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive failures are needed to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `liveness_probe.http_get.path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP/HTTPS server to perform the health check
- `liveness_probe.initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between the container start and the first check
- `liveness_probe.period_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between each check
- `liveness_probe.success_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive successes are needed to be considered successful after having failed
- `liveness_probe.timeout_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds after the probe times out
- `liveness_probe.type` (String) Specify the type of probe: TCP, HTTP or NONE
- `network.ingress.basic_auth_env_var` (String) Set the name of an environment variable to use as a basic authentication (login:crypted_password) from htpasswd command
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_headers` (String) Specify which set of headers can be present in the client request
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_methods` (String) Specify which set of methods can be used for the client request
- `network.ingress.cors_allow_origin` (String) Specify which origin(s) can access a resource
- `network.ingress.denylist_source_range` (String) Specify which IP ranges are not allowed to access your application (comma-separated list of CIDRs)
- `network.ingress.enable_cors` (Boolean) Enable Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
- `network.ingress.enable_sticky_session` (Boolean) Enable Sticky session
- `network.ingress.keepalive_time_seconds` (Number) Limits the maximum time in seconds during which requests can be processed through one keepalive connection
- `network.ingress.keepalive_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds during which an idle keepalive connection to an upstream server will stay open
- `network.ingress.proxy_body_size_mb` (Number) Set in megabytes a maximum size for resources that can be downloaded from your server
- `network.ingress.proxy_buffer_size_kb` (Number) Set in kilobytes a header buffer size used while reading the response header from upstream
- `network.ingress.proxy_connect_timeout_seconds` (Number) Defines a timeout in seconds for establishing a connection with a proxied server
- `network.ingress.proxy_read_timeout_seconds` (Number) Defines a timeout in seconds for reading a response from the proxied server
- `network.ingress.proxy_send_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds for transmitting a request to the proxied server
- `network.ingress.send_timeout_seconds` (Number) Sets a timeout in seconds for transmitting a response to the client
- `network.ingress.whitelist_source_range` (String) Specify which IP ranges are allowed to access your application (comma-separated list of CIDRs)
- `readiness_probe.failure_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive failures are needed to be considered failed after having succeeded
- `readiness_probe.http_get.path` (String) Path to access on the HTTP/HTTPS server to perform the health check
- `readiness_probe.initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between the container start and the first check
- `readiness_probe.period_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds between each check
- `readiness_probe.success_threshold` (Number) Specify how many consecutive successes are needed to be considered successful after having failed
- `readiness_probe.timeout_seconds` (Number) Interval in seconds after the probe times out
- `readiness_probe.type` (String) Specify the type of probe: TCP, HTTP or NONE
- `security.service_account_name` (String) Set an existing Kubernetes service account name


<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Your custom domain.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the custom domain.
- `status` (String) Status of the custom domain.
- `validation_domain` (String) URL provided by Qovery. You must create a CNAME on your DNS provider using that URL.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Required:

- `internal_port` (Number) Internal port of the application.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Specify if the port is exposed to the world or not for this application.

Optional:

- `external_port` (Number) External port of the application.
	- Required if: `ports.publicly_accessible=true`.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `name` (String) Name of the port.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for the port of the application.
	- Can be: `HTTP`.
	- Default: `HTTP`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the port.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `mount_point` (String) Mount point of the storage for the application.
- `size` (Number) Size of the storage for the application in GB [1024MB = 1GB].
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
- `type` (String) Type of the storage for the application.
	- Can be: `FAST_SSD`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the storage.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import qovery_application.my_application "<application_id>"
```
