# qovery_cluster (Resource)

Provides a Qovery cluster resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery cluster.


## Example
```terraform
resource "qovery_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  # Required
  organization_id = qovery_organization.my_organization.id
  credentials_id  = qovery_aws_credentials.my_aws_creds.id
  name            = "test_terraform_provider"
  cloud_provider  = "AWS"
  region          = "eu-west-3"
  instance_type   = "T3A_MEDIUM"

  # Optional
  description       = "My cluster description"
  min_running_nodes = 3
  max_running_nodes = 10
  features = {
    vpc_subnet = "10.0.0.0/16"
  }
  routing_table = [
    {
      description = "RDS database peering"
      destination = "172.30.0.0/16"
      target      = "pcx-06f8f5512c91e389c"
    }
  ]

  advanced_settings_json = jsonencode({
    # non exhaustive list, the complete list is available in Qovery API doc: https://api-doc.qovery.com/#tag/Clusters/operation/getDefaultClusterAdvancedSettings
    # you can only indicate settings that you need to override
    "aws.vpc.flow_logs_retention_days" : 100,
    "aws.vpc.enable_s3_flow_logs" : true
  })

  state = "DEPLOYED"

  depends_on = [
    qovery_organization.my_organization,
    qovery_aws_credentials.my_aws_creds
  ]
}
```

You can find complete examples within these repositories:
* [Deploy an Application and Database within 3 environments](https://github.com/Qovery/terraform-examples/tree/main/examples/deploy-an-application-within-3-environments)
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider of the cluster.
	- Can be: `AWS`, `GCP`, `ON_PREMISE`, `SCW`.
- `credentials_id` (String) Id of the credentials.
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `organization_id` (String) Id of the organization.
- `region` (String) Region of the cluster.

### Optional

- `advanced_settings_json` (String) Advanced settings of the cluster.
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster.
	- Default: ``.
- `disk_size` (Number)
- `features` (Attributes) Features of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features))
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type of the cluster. I.e: For Aws `t3a.xlarge`, for Scaleway `DEV-L`, and not set for Karpenter-enabled clusters
- `kubernetes_mode` (String) Kubernetes mode of the cluster.
	- Can be: `K3S`, `MANAGED`.
	- Default: `MANAGED`.
- `max_running_nodes` (Number) Maximum number of nodes running for the cluster. [NOTE: have to be set to 1 in case of K3S clusters; and not set for Karpenter-enabled clusters]
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
	- Default: `10`.
- `min_running_nodes` (Number) Minimum number of nodes running for the cluster. [NOTE: have to be set to 1 in case of K3S clusters, and not set for Karpenter-enabled clusters].
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
	- Default: `3`.
- `production` (Boolean) Specific flag to indicate that this cluster is a production one.
- `routing_table` (Attributes Set) List of routes of the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_table))
- `state` (String) State of the cluster.
	- Can be: `DEPLOYED`, `STOPPED`.
	- Default: `DEPLOYED`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Optional:

- `existing_vpc` (Attributes) Network configuration if you want to install qovery on an existing VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--existing_vpc))
- `karpenter` (Attributes) Karpenter parameters if you want to use Karpenter on an EKS cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter))
- `static_ip` (Boolean) Static IP (AWS only) [NOTE: can't be updated after creation].
	- Default: `false`.
- `vpc_subnet` (String) Custom VPC subnet (AWS only) [NOTE: can't be updated after creation].
	- Default: `10.0.0.0/16`.

<a id="nestedatt--features--existing_vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.existing_vpc`

Required:

- `aws_vpc_eks_id` (String) Aws VPC id
- `eks_subnets_zone_a_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for EKS zone a. Must have map_public_ip_on_launch set to true
- `eks_subnets_zone_b_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for EKS zone b. Must have map_public_ip_on_launch set to true
- `eks_subnets_zone_c_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for EKS zone c. Must have map_public_ip_on_launch set to true

Optional:

- `documentdb_subnets_zone_a_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for document db
- `documentdb_subnets_zone_b_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for document db
- `documentdb_subnets_zone_c_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for document db
- `elasticache_subnets_zone_a_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for elasticache
- `elasticache_subnets_zone_b_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for elasticache
- `elasticache_subnets_zone_c_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for elasticache
- `rds_subnets_zone_a_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for RDS
- `rds_subnets_zone_b_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for RDS
- `rds_subnets_zone_c_ids` (List of String) Ids of the subnets for RDS


<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter`

Required:

- `default_service_architecture` (String) The default architecture of service
- `disk_size_in_gib` (Number)
- `qovery_node_pools` (Attributes) Karpenter node pool configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools))
- `spot_enabled` (Boolean) Enable spot instances

<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools`

Required:

- `requirements` (Attributes List) List of requirements for the node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--requirements))

Optional:

- `default_override` (Attributes) Defines some overriden options for Qovery default node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--default_override))
- `stable_override` (Attributes) Defines some overriden options for Qovery stable node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override))

<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.requirements`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the requirement (e.g., InstanceFamily, InstanceSize, Arch)
- `operator` (String) The operator for the requirement (e.g., In)
- `values` (List of String) List of values for the requirement


<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--default_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.default_override`

Optional:

- `limits` (Attributes) Specifies the limits to apply on the default node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--default_override--limits))

<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--default_override--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.default_override.limits`

Required:

- `max_cpu_in_vcpu` (Number)
- `max_memory_in_gibibytes` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.stable_override`

Optional:

- `consolidation` (Attributes) Specifies the period to consolidate nodes (by default, no consolidation happens) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override--consolidation))
- `limits` (Attributes) Specifies the limits to apply on the stable node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override--limits))

<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override--consolidation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.stable_override.consolidation`

Required:

- `days` (List of String)
- `duration` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `start_time` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--features--karpenter--qovery_node_pools--stable_override--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features.karpenter.qovery_node_pools.stable_override.limits`

Required:

- `max_cpu_in_vcpu` (Number)
- `max_memory_in_gibibytes` (Number)






<a id="nestedatt--routing_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_table`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the route.
- `destination` (String) Destination of the route.
- `target` (String) Target of the route.
## Import
```shell
terraform import qovery_cluster.my_cluster "<organization_id>,<cluster_id>"
```