# qovery_environment (Resource)

Provides a Qovery environment resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery environments.

An environment is an isolated workspace within a project where services (applications, containers, databases, jobs) are deployed. Environment variables and secrets defined at the environment level are inherited by all services within the environment, and can override project-level variables.


## Example

<div class="alert alert-info">
  <i style="font-size:24px" class="fa">&#xf05a;</i> If you're not familiar with Terraform or just want more examples, you can configure everything you need directly from the <a href="https://console.qovery.com">Qovery console</a>. Then, use our <a href="https://hub.qovery.com/docs/using-qovery/configuration/environment/#terraform-exporter">Terraform exporter</a> feature to generate the corresponding Terraform code.
</div><br />

```terraform
resource "qovery_environment" "my_environment" {
  # Required
  project_id = qovery_project.my_project.id
  name       = "production"

  # Optional
  # cluster_id cannot be changed after creation (forces replacement)
  cluster_id = qovery_cluster.my_cluster.id
  mode       = "PRODUCTION"

  # Environment-level variables are inherited by all services
  environment_variables = [
    {
      key   = "ENV_VAR_KEY"
      value = "ENV_VAR_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  # Aliases create alternative names for existing variables
  environment_variable_aliases = [
    {
      key = "ENV_VAR_KEY_ALIAS"
      # Must match the key of an existing environment variable
      value = "ENV_VAR_KEY"
    }
  ]

  # Overrides replace values of variables inherited from the project level
  environment_variable_overrides = [
    {
      # Must match the key of a project-level variable
      key   = "SOME_PROJECT_VARIABLE"
      value = "OVERRIDDEN_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  # Secrets are encrypted and not visible after creation
  secrets = [
    {
      key   = "SECRET_KEY"
      value = "SECRET_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  # Aliases create alternative names for existing secrets
  secret_aliases = [
    {
      key = "SECRET_KEY_ALIAS"
      # Must match the key of an existing secret
      value = "SECRET_KEY"
    }
  ]

  # Overrides replace values of secrets inherited from the project level
  secret_overrides = [
    {
      # Must match the key of a project-level secret
      key   = "SOME_PROJECT_SECRET"
      value = "OVERRIDDEN_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [
    qovery_project.my_project
  ]
}
```

You can find complete examples within these repositories:
* [Deploy an Application and Database within 3 environments](https://github.com/Qovery/terraform-examples/tree/main/examples/deploy-an-application-within-3-environments)
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Identifier of the cluster where this environment will be deployed (UUID format). **Cannot be changed after creation** (forces resource replacement).
- `name` (String) Name of the environment.
- `project_id` (String) Identifier of the project containing this environment (UUID format).

### Optional

- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable aliases linked to this environment. An alias creates an alternative name that points to an existing environment variable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable overrides linked to this environment. An override replaces the value of a variable inherited from the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variables linked to this environment. These variables are inherited by all services within the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `mode` (String) Mode of the environment. The mode affects how the environment behaves and is displayed in the Qovery console.
	- Can be: `DEVELOPMENT`, `PREVIEW`, `PRODUCTION`, `STAGING`.
	- Default: `DEVELOPMENT`.
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of secret aliases linked to this environment. An alias creates an alternative name that points to an existing secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) Set of secret overrides linked to this environment. An override replaces the value of a secret inherited from the project level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) Set of secrets linked to this environment. Secrets are like environment variables but their values are encrypted and not visible after creation. They are inherited by all services within the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this environment. Built-in variables are automatically generated by Qovery and provide metadata about the environment (e.g., environment ID, cluster ID). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the environment (UUID format).

<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the alias. This is the new key that will be available as an environment variable.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias. Must match the `key` of an existing environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable to override. Must match the `key` of a variable defined at a higher scope (e.g., project level).
- `value` (String) Override value of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable override.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the alias. This is the new key that will be available as a secret.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias. Must match the `key` of an existing secret.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret to override. Must match the `key` of a secret defined at a higher scope (e.g., project level).
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Override value of the secret. The value is write-only and will not be displayed in plan output.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret override.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret. The value is write-only and will not be displayed in plan output.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.
## Import
```shell
terraform import qovery_environment.my_environment "<environment_id>"
```