# qovery_helm (Resource)

Provides a Qovery helm resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery Helm chart deployments.


## Example

<div class="alert alert-info">
  <i style="font-size:24px" class="fa">&#xf05a;</i> If you're not familiar with Terraform or just want more examples, you can configure everything you need directly from the <a href="https://console.qovery.com">Qovery console</a>. Then, use our <a href="https://www.qovery.com/docs/terraform-provider/exporter">Terraform exporter</a> feature to generate the corresponding Terraform code.
</div><br />

```terraform
# Example: Helm chart from a Helm repository
resource "qovery_helm" "my_helm" {
  # Required
  environment_id               = qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  name                         = "my-helm-chart"
  description                  = "Helm chart deployed via Terraform"
  allow_cluster_wide_resources = false

  # Source: Helm chart from a Helm repository
  source = {
    helm_repository = {
      helm_repository_id = qovery_helm_repository.my_helm_repo.id
      chart_name         = "nginx"
      chart_version      = "1.0.0"
    }
  }

  # Helm values overrides
  values_override = {
    # Override values using --set syntax
    "set" = {
      "replicaCount"         = "3"
      "service.type"         = "ClusterIP"
      "resources.limits.cpu" = "500m"
    }
    # Override values using --set-string syntax (always treated as strings)
    "set_string" = {
      "image.tag" = "latest"
    }
    # Override values using --set-json syntax
    "set_json" = {
      "tolerations" = "[{\"key\": \"dedicated\", \"operator\": \"Equal\", \"value\": \"helm\", \"effect\": \"NoSchedule\"}]"
    }
    # Override values from YAML files
    file = {
      raw = {
        "custom-values" = {
          content = <<-EOT
            ingress:
              enabled: true
              hosts:
                - host: my-app.example.com
                  paths:
                    - path: /
          EOT
        }
      }
    }
  }

  # Optional
  auto_preview = true
  auto_deploy  = true
  timeout_sec  = 600

  # Optional: custom Helm CLI arguments
  # arguments = ["--wait", "--atomic", "--debug"]

  environment_variables = [
    {
      key   = "MY_HELM_VARIABLE"
      value = "my_value"
    }
  ]

  secrets = [
    {
      key   = "MY_HELM_SECRET"
      value = "my_secret_value"
    }
  ]

  # Optional: custom domains
  # custom_domains = [
  #   {
  #     domain               = "my-app.example.com"
  #     generate_certificate = true
  #   }
  # ]

  # Optional: control deployment order
  # deployment_stage_id = qovery_deployment_stage.my_stage.id

  deployment_restrictions = [
    {
      mode  = "MATCH"
      type  = "PATH"
      value = "helm/**"
    }
  ]

  advanced_settings_json = jsonencode({
    # Non-exhaustive list. Full list: https://api-doc.qovery.com/#tag/Helms/operation/getDefaultHelmAdvancedSettings
  })

  depends_on = [
    qovery_environment.my_environment,
  ]
}

# Example: Helm chart from a git repository
resource "qovery_helm" "my_helm_from_git" {
  environment_id               = qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  name                         = "my-helm-from-git"
  description                  = "Helm chart from a git repository"
  allow_cluster_wide_resources = false

  source = {
    git_repository = {
      url       = "https://github.com/my-org/my-helm-charts.git"
      branch    = "main"
      root_path = "/charts/my-chart"
      # git_token_id = qovery_git_token.my_git_token.id  # For private repos
    }
  }

  values_override = {
    "set" = {
      "replicaCount" = "2"
    }
  }

  depends_on = [
    qovery_environment.my_environment,
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_cluster_wide_resources` (Boolean) Allow this chart to deploy resources outside of this environment namespace (including CRDs or non-namespaced resources)
- `description` (String) Description of the helm service.
- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `name` (String) Name of the helm service.
- `source` (Attributes) Helm chart source. Use `helm_repository` to deploy from a Helm repository, or `git_repository` to deploy from a git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `values_override` (Attributes) Define your own overrides to customize the helm chart behaviour. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override))

### Optional

- `advanced_settings_json` (String) Advanced settings in JSON format. See the Qovery API documentation for available settings: https://api-doc.qovery.com/#tag/Helms/operation/getDefaultHelmAdvancedSettings
- `arguments` (List of String) Helm CLI arguments passed to the helm command (e.g. `--wait`, `--atomic`, `--debug`).
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Specify if the helm service will be automatically updated on every new commit on the branch.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this helm.
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) List of custom domains linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `deployment_restrictions` (Attributes Set) List of deployment restrictions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_restrictions))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage. Controls the order of service deployment within an environment.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable aliases linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_files` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable files linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_files))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable overrides linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `icon_uri` (String) Icon URI representing the helm service.
- `is_skipped` (Boolean) If true, the service is excluded from environment-level bulk deployments while remaining assigned to its deployment stage.
- `ports` (Attributes Map) List of ports linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of secret aliases linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_files` (Attributes Set) List of secret files linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of secret overrides linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `timeout_sec` (Number) Helm timeout in seconds. Maximum time allowed for the Helm operation to complete.

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this helm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `external_host` (String) The helm external FQDN host [NOTE: only if your helm is using a publicly accessible port].
- `id` (String) Id of the helm service.
- `internal_host` (String) The helm internal host.

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `git_repository` (Attributes) Helm chart from a git repository. The repository must contain valid Helm chart files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--git_repository))
- `helm_repository` (Attributes) Helm chart from a Helm repository. Repositories can be HTTPS or OCI-based (ECR, Docker Hub, GHCR, etc.). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--helm_repository))

<a id="nestedatt--source--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.git_repository`

Required:

- `url` (String) Git repository URL containing the Helm chart.

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Git branch to use for the Helm chart source.
- `git_token_id` (String) Git token ID for accessing a private repository (refers to a `qovery_git_token` resource).
- `root_path` (String) Root path in the git repository where the Helm chart is located.


<a id="nestedatt--source--helm_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.helm_repository`

Required:

- `chart_name` (String) Name of the Helm chart to deploy.
- `chart_version` (String) Version of the Helm chart to deploy (e.g. `1.0.0`).
- `helm_repository_id` (String) Id of the Helm repository (refers to a `qovery_helm_repository` resource).



<a id="nestedatt--values_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override`

Optional:

- `file` (Attributes) Define overrides by selecting a YAML file from a git repository (preferred) or by passing raw YAML files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file))
- `set` (Map of String) Override Helm values using `--set` flag syntax. Map of key-value pairs.
- `set_json` (Map of String) Override Helm values using `--set-json` flag syntax. Values are treated as JSON.
- `set_string` (Map of String) Override Helm values using `--set-string` flag syntax. Values are always treated as strings.

<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file`

Optional:

- `git_repository` (Attributes) YAML file from a git repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file--git_repository))
- `raw` (Attributes Map) Raw YAML files (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values_override--file--raw))

<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file.git_repository`

Required:

- `branch` (String) YAML file git repository branch
- `paths` (Set of String) YAML files git repository paths
- `url` (String) YAML file git repository URL

Optional:

- `git_token_id` (String) Git token ID for accessing a private repository (refers to a `qovery_git_token` resource).


<a id="nestedatt--values_override--file--raw"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values_override.file.raw`

Required:

- `content` (String) content of the file




<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Your custom domain.
- `generate_certificate` (Boolean) Qovery will generate and manage the certificate for this domain.

Optional:

- `use_cdn` (Boolean) Indicates if the custom domain is behind a CDN (i.e Cloudflare).
This will condition the way we are checking CNAME before & during a deployment:
 * If `true` then we only check the domain points to an IP
 * If `false` then we check that the domain resolves to the correct service Load Balancer

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the custom domain.
- `status` (String) Status of the custom domain.
- `validation_domain` (String) URL provided by Qovery. You must create a CNAME on your DNS provider using that URL.


<a id="nestedatt--deployment_restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_restrictions`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Deployment restriction mode.
	- Can be: `EXCLUDE`, `MATCH`.
- `type` (String) Deployment restriction type.
	- Can be: `PATH`.
- `value` (String) Value of the deployment restriction (e.g. a file path pattern).

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the deployment restriction.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_files`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the environment variable file.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable file.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable file.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable file.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable override.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable override.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable override.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Required:

- `external_port` (Number) External port of the container.
	- Required if: `ports.publicly_accessible=true`.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `internal_port` (Number) Internal port of the container.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `service_name` (String) Name of the Kubernetes service to expose.

Optional:

- `is_default` (Boolean) If this port will be used for the root domain. Note: the API may override this value based on port configuration (e.g., when only one publicly accessible port exists, it will be set as default).
- `namespace` (String) Kubernetes namespace where the service is deployed.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used for the port of the container.
	- Can be: `GRPC`, `HTTP`.
	- Default: `HTTP`.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the secret file.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret file.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret file.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret file.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret override.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret override.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret override.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.
## Import
```shell
terraform import qovery_helm.my_helm "<helm_id>"
```