# qovery_job (Resource)

Provides a Qovery job resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery jobs (cron jobs and lifecycle jobs).


## Example

<div class="alert alert-info">
  <i style="font-size:24px" class="fa">&#xf05a;</i> If you're not familiar with Terraform or just want more examples, you can configure everything you need directly from the <a href="https://console.qovery.com">Qovery console</a>. Then, use our <a href="https://hub.qovery.com/docs/using-qovery/configuration/environment/#terraform-exporter">Terraform exporter</a> feature to generate the corresponding Terraform code.
</div><br />

```terraform
# Example: Cron Job using a container image
resource "qovery_job" "my_cron_job" {
  # Required
  environment_id = qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  name           = "my-cron-job"

  # Optional
  auto_preview         = true
  auto_deploy          = true
  cpu                  = 500
  memory               = 512
  max_duration_seconds = 300
  max_nb_restart       = 1
  port                 = 5432

  # Cron job schedule (runs every 2 minutes)
  schedule = {
    cronjob = {
      schedule = "*/2 * * * *"
      command = {
        entrypoint = "/bin/sh"
        arguments  = ["-c", "echo 'Job completed'"]
      }
    }
  }

  # Source: pre-built image from a container registry
  source = {
    image = {
      registry_id = qovery_container_registry.my_container_registry.id
      name        = "debian"
      tag         = "stable"
    }
  }

  healthchecks = {}

  environment_variables = [
    {
      key   = "MY_VARIABLE"
      value = "my_value"
    }
  ]

  secrets = [
    {
      key   = "MY_SECRET"
      value = "my_secret_value"
    }
  ]

  advanced_settings_json = jsonencode({
    # Non-exhaustive list. Full list: https://api-doc.qovery.com/#tag/Jobs/operation/getDefaultJobAdvancedSettings
    "deployment.termination_grace_period_seconds" : 120,
    "build.timeout_max_sec" : 120
  })

  depends_on = [
    qovery_environment.my_environment,
  ]
}

# Example: Lifecycle Job using a Docker source (runs on environment start/stop/delete)
resource "qovery_job" "my_lifecycle_job" {
  # Required
  environment_id = qovery_environment.my_environment.id
  name           = "my-lifecycle-job"

  # Optional
  cpu                  = 1000
  memory               = 1024
  max_duration_seconds = 600
  max_nb_restart       = 0

  # Lifecycle schedule: triggers on environment events
  schedule = {
    on_start = {
      entrypoint = "/bin/sh"
      arguments  = ["-c", "echo 'Environment starting'"]
    }
    on_stop = {
      entrypoint = "/bin/sh"
      arguments  = ["-c", "echo 'Environment stopping'"]
    }
    on_delete = {
      entrypoint = "/bin/sh"
      arguments  = ["-c", "echo 'Environment deleting'"]
    }
  }

  # Source: build from a Dockerfile in a git repository
  source = {
    docker = {
      dockerfile_path = "Dockerfile"
      git_repository = {
        url       = "https://github.com/my-org/my-repo.git"
        branch    = "main"
        root_path = "/"
        # git_token_id = qovery_git_token.my_git_token.id  # For private repos
      }
    }
  }

  healthchecks = {}

  # Optional: control deployment order
  # deployment_stage_id = qovery_deployment_stage.my_stage.id

  # Optional: restrict deployments to specific file changes
  deployment_restrictions = [
    {
      mode  = "MATCH"
      type  = "PATH"
      value = "src/jobs/**"
    }
  ]

  # Optional: attach Kubernetes annotations and labels
  # annotations_group_ids = [qovery_annotations_group.my_annotations.id]
  # labels_group_ids      = [qovery_labels_group.my_labels.id]

  depends_on = [
    qovery_environment.my_environment,
  ]
}
```

You can find complete examples within these repositories:
* [Deploy a cron job](https://github.com/Qovery/terraform-examples/tree/main/examples/deploy-a-cron-job)
* [Deploy a lifecycle job](https://github.com/Qovery/terraform-examples/tree/main/examples/deploy-a-lifecycle-job)
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) Id of the environment.
- `healthchecks` (Attributes) Configuration for the healthchecks that are going to be executed against your service. At least one of `readiness_probe` or `liveness_probe` should be configured for production workloads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks))
- `name` (String) Name of the job.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Job's schedule configuration. Use `on_start`, `on_stop`, and `on_delete` for lifecycle jobs, or `cronjob` for cron jobs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))

### Optional

- `advanced_settings_json` (String) Advanced settings in JSON format. See the Qovery API documentation for the full list of available settings: https://api-doc.qovery.com/#tag/Jobs/operation/getDefaultJobAdvancedSettings
- `annotations_group_ids` (Set of String) List of annotations group IDs to associate with this job. Annotations groups are defined using the `qovery_annotations_group` resource.
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Specify if the job will be automatically updated after receiving a new image tag or a new commit on the branch.
- `auto_preview` (Boolean) Specify if the environment preview option is activated or not for this job.
- `cpu` (Number) CPU of the job in millicores (m) [1000m = 1 CPU].
	- Must be: `>= 10`.
	- Default: `500`.
- `deployment_restrictions` (Attributes Set) List of deployment restrictions. Deployment restrictions allow you to control which changes trigger a deployment based on file path patterns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_restrictions))
- `deployment_stage_id` (String) Id of the deployment stage. Deployment stages allow you to control the order in which services are deployed within an environment.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable aliases linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable overrides linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) List of environment variables linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `icon_uri` (String) Icon URI representing the job.
- `is_skipped` (Boolean) If true, the service is excluded from environment-level bulk deployments while remaining assigned to its deployment stage.
- `labels_group_ids` (Set of String) List of labels group IDs to associate with this job. Labels groups are defined using the `qovery_labels_group` resource.
- `max_duration_seconds` (Number) Job's max duration in seconds.
	- Must be: `>= 0`.
	- Default: `300`.
- `max_nb_restart` (Number) Job's max number of restarts.
	- Must be: `>= 0`.
	- Default: `0`.
- `memory` (Number) RAM of the job in MB [1024MB = 1GB].
	- Must be: `>= 1`.
	- Default: `512`.
- `port` (Number) Job's probes port.
	- Must be: `>= 1` and `<= 65535`.
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) List of secret aliases linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_overrides` (Attributes Set) List of secret overrides linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_overrides))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) List of secrets linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))
- `source` (Attributes) Job's source configuration. Use `image` to deploy from a container registry, or `docker` to build from a Dockerfile in a git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `external_host` (String) The job external FQDN host [NOTE: only if your job is using a publicly accessible port].
- `id` (String) Id of the job.
- `internal_host` (String) The job internal host.

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks`

Optional:

- `liveness_probe` (Attributes) Configuration for the liveness probe, used to determine when your service is working correctly. If the liveness probe fails, the service container is killed and restarted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe))
- `readiness_probe` (Attributes) Configuration for the readiness probe, used to determine when your service is ready to receive traffic. If the readiness probe fails, the service is temporarily removed from the load balancer until it passes again. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failures required to declare the probe as failed.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait after the container starts before the first probe is executed. Use this to give your application time to initialize.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe after the initial delay.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after a failure.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. If the probe does not respond within this time, it is considered failed.
- `type` (Attributes) Kind of check to run for this probe. Exactly one of `tcp`, `http`, `grpc`, or `exec` must be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec probe: runs a command inside the container. The probe succeeds if the command exits with status code 0. The command binary must be present in the container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--exec))
- `grpc` (Attributes) gRPC probe: checks that the given port responds to gRPC health check requests. The service must implement the [gRPC Health Checking Protocol](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/10/01/health-checking-grpc-servers-on-kubernetes/#introducing-grpc-health-probe). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--grpc))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP probe: sends an HTTP GET request and expects a 2xx response code. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP probe: checks that a TCP connection can be established on the given port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.exec`

Required:

- `command` (List of String) The command and its arguments to execute (e.g. `["cat", "/tmp/healthy"]`).


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `service` (String) The gRPC service name to health-check. If not specified, the overall server health is checked.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.http`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for the HTTP request. Must be `HTTP` or `HTTPS`.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path for the HTTP GET request (e.g. `/health`, `/ready`). Defaults to `/`.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--liveness_probe--type--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.liveness_probe.type.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional host to connect to. Defaults to the pod IP if not specified.




<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe`

Required:

- `failure_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failures required to declare the probe as failed.
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait after the container starts before the first probe is executed. Use this to give your application time to initialize.
- `period_seconds` (Number) How often (in seconds) to perform the probe after the initial delay.
- `success_threshold` (Number) Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after a failure.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds after which the probe times out. If the probe does not respond within this time, it is considered failed.
- `type` (Attributes) Kind of check to run for this probe. Exactly one of `tcp`, `http`, `grpc`, or `exec` must be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type`

Optional:

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec probe: runs a command inside the container. The probe succeeds if the command exits with status code 0. The command binary must be present in the container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--exec))
- `grpc` (Attributes) gRPC probe: checks that the given port responds to gRPC health check requests. The service must implement the [gRPC Health Checking Protocol](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/10/01/health-checking-grpc-servers-on-kubernetes/#introducing-grpc-health-probe). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--grpc))
- `http` (Attributes) HTTP probe: sends an HTTP GET request and expects a 2xx response code. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP probe: checks that a TCP connection can be established on the given port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.exec`

Required:

- `command` (List of String) The command and its arguments to execute (e.g. `["cat", "/tmp/healthy"]`).


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--grpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.grpc`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `service` (String) The gRPC service name to health-check. If not specified, the overall server health is checked.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.http`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.
- `scheme` (String) Scheme to use for the HTTP request. Must be `HTTP` or `HTTPS`.

Optional:

- `path` (String) The path for the HTTP GET request (e.g. `/health`, `/ready`). Defaults to `/`.


<a id="nestedatt--healthchecks--readiness_probe--type--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `healthchecks.readiness_probe.type.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number to try to connect to.

Optional:

- `host` (String) Optional host to connect to. Defaults to the pod IP if not specified.





<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `cronjob` (Attributes) Cron job configuration. Use this to run the job on a recurring schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--cronjob))
- `lifecycle_type` (String) Type of the lifecycle job.
	- Can be: `CLOUDFORMATION`, `GENERIC`, `TERRAFORM`.
- `on_delete` (Attributes) Lifecycle job event: executed when the environment is deleted. Define the entrypoint and arguments for this event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--on_delete))
- `on_start` (Attributes) Lifecycle job event: executed when the environment starts. Define the entrypoint and arguments for this event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--on_start))
- `on_stop` (Attributes) Lifecycle job event: executed when the environment stops. Define the entrypoint and arguments for this event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--on_stop))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--cronjob"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.cronjob`

Required:

- `command` (Attributes) Command to execute when the cron job triggers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--cronjob--command))
- `schedule` (String) Cron expression defining the job schedule (5-field format, e.g. `*/5 * * * *` for every 5 minutes). See https://crontab.guru/ for help.

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--cronjob--command"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.cronjob.command`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments passed to the entrypoint.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the job (e.g. the command to execute).



<a id="nestedatt--schedule--on_delete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.on_delete`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments passed to the entrypoint.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the job (e.g. the command to execute).


<a id="nestedatt--schedule--on_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.on_start`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments passed to the entrypoint.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the job (e.g. the command to execute).


<a id="nestedatt--schedule--on_stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.on_stop`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) List of arguments passed to the entrypoint.
- `entrypoint` (String) Entrypoint of the job (e.g. the command to execute).



<a id="nestedatt--deployment_restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_restrictions`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Deployment restriction mode.
	- Can be: `EXCLUDE`, `MATCH`.
- `type` (String) Deployment restriction type.
	- Can be: `PATH`.
- `value` (String) Value of the deployment restriction (e.g. a file path pattern like `src/backend/**`).

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the deployment restriction.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the environment variable override.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable override.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable override.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret alias.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_overrides`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret override.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret override.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret override.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret override.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `docker` (Attributes) Job's Docker source. Use this to build the job image from a Dockerfile in a git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--docker))
- `image` (Attributes) Job's image source. Use this to deploy a pre-built image from a container registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--image))

<a id="nestedatt--source--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.docker`

Required:

- `git_repository` (Attributes) Git repository containing the Dockerfile for the job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--docker--git_repository))

Optional:

- `docker_target_build_stage` (String) Target build stage in a multi-stage Dockerfile (e.g. `production` or `builder`).
- `dockerfile_path` (String) Path to the Dockerfile relative to the git repository root path (e.g. `Dockerfile` or `build/Dockerfile`).
- `dockerfile_raw` (String) Inline Dockerfile content to inject for building the image. Use this instead of `dockerfile_path` to define the Dockerfile directly in Terraform.

<a id="nestedatt--source--docker--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.docker.git_repository`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Git branch to use for the Docker source.
- `url` (String) Git repository URL (e.g. `https://github.com/org/repo.git`).

Optional:

- `git_token_id` (String) Git token ID for accessing a private repository (refers to a `qovery_git_token` resource).
- `root_path` (String) Root path in the git repository where the Dockerfile is located.



<a id="nestedatt--source--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.image`

Required:

- `name` (String) Job's image source name.
- `registry_id` (String) Job's image source registry ID (refers to a `qovery_container_registry` resource).
- `tag` (String) Job's image source tag.



<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.
## Import
```shell
terraform import qovery_job.my_job "<job_id>"
```