# qovery_project (Resource)

Provides a Qovery project resource. This can be used to create and manage Qovery projects.

A project is a grouping mechanism for environments. Environment variables and secrets defined at the project level are inherited by all environments within the project.


## Example

<div class="alert alert-info">
  <i style="font-size:24px" class="fa">&#xf05a;</i> If you're not familiar with Terraform or just want more examples, you can configure everything you need directly from the <a href="https://console.qovery.com">Qovery console</a>. Then, use our <a href="https://www.qovery.com/docs/terraform-provider/exporter">Terraform exporter</a> feature to generate the corresponding Terraform code.
</div><br />

```terraform
resource "qovery_project" "my_project" {
  # Required
  organization_id = qovery_organization.my_organization.id
  name            = "MyProject"

  # Optional
  description = "Backend services for our SaaS platform"

  # Project-level environment variables are inherited by all environments
  environment_variables = [
    {
      key   = "ENV_VAR_KEY"
      value = "ENV_VAR_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  # Aliases create alternative names for existing environment variables
  environment_variable_aliases = [
    {
      key = "ENV_VAR_KEY_ALIAS"
      # Must match the key of an existing environment variable
      value = "ENV_VAR_KEY"
    }
  ]

  # Secrets are encrypted and not visible after creation
  secrets = [
    {
      key   = "SECRET_KEY"
      value = "SECRET_VALUE"
    }
  ]

  # Aliases create alternative names for existing secrets
  secret_aliases = [
    {
      key = "SECRET_KEY_ALIAS"
      # Must match the key of an existing secret
      value = "SECRET_KEY"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [
    qovery_organization.my_organization
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the project.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier of the organization containing this project (UUID format).

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the project.
- `environment_variable_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variable aliases linked to this project. An alias creates an alternative name that points to an existing environment variable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases))
- `environment_variable_files` (Attributes Set) List of environment variable files linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variable_files))
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Set of environment variables linked to this project. These variables are inherited by all environments within the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `secret_aliases` (Attributes Set) Set of secret aliases linked to this project. An alias creates an alternative name that points to an existing secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_aliases))
- `secret_files` (Attributes Set) List of secret files linked to this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))
- `secrets` (Attributes Set) Set of secrets linked to this project. Secrets are like environment variables but their values are encrypted and not visible after creation. They are inherited by all environments within the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secrets))

### Read-Only

- `built_in_environment_variables` (Attributes List) List of built-in environment variables linked to this project. Built-in variables are automatically generated by Qovery and provide metadata about the project (e.g., project ID, organization ID). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the project (UUID format).

<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the alias. This is the new key that will be available as an environment variable.
- `value` (String) Name of the variable to alias. Must match the `key` of an existing environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable alias.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variable_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variable_files`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the environment variable file.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable file.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable file.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the environment variable file.


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_aliases`

Required:

- `key` (String) Name of the alias. This is the new key that will be available as a secret.
- `value` (String) Name of the secret to alias. Must match the `key` of an existing secret.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret alias.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret alias.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret file.
- `mount_path` (String) Mount path of the secret file.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret file.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret file.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Id of the secret file.


<a id="nestedatt--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secrets`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the secret.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Value of the secret. The value is write-only and will not be displayed in plan output.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the secret.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the secret.


<a id="nestedatt--built_in_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `built_in_environment_variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the environment variable.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the environment variable.
- `key` (String) Key of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value of the environment variable.
## Import
```shell
terraform import qovery_project.my_project "<project_id>"
```